[WIP] Sprint: Add/update alt-text for images (#222)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/how-tos/nebari-aws.md

   nebari init --guided-init
   ```

>    ![A representation of the output generated when Nebari init guided-init command is executed. ](/img/how-tos/nebari-aws.png)

Reviewer: I'll work on this.

Reviewer: @pavithraes It might be better to add more description to the text above instead of the alt text on a screenshot.  I'm also wondering if the screenshot could be pasted in as a code block instead of an image. What do you think?

nebari deploy --help
```

> ![A representation of the output generated when nebari deploy help command is executed. ](/img/how-tos/nebari-deploy-help.png)

Reviewer: Image is missing from the folder.

Reviewer: Nevermind... I found it.

> ![A representation of the output generated when nebari deploy help command is executed. ](/img/how-tos/nebari-deploy-help.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/img/how-tos/nebari-deploy-help.png" alt="CLI output after executing command nebari deploy --help" longdesc="The command nebari deploy --help displays its usage and arguments. The --config argument is a required path to the configuration yaml file. Optional arguments are output, dns-provider, dns-auto-provision, disable-prompt, disable-render, and help."/>
```

nebari destroy --help
```

> ![A representation of the output generated when nebari deploy help command is executed. ](/img/how-tos/nebari-destroy-help.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A representation of the output generated when nebari deploy help command is executed. ](/img/how-tos/nebari-destroy-help.png)
<img src="/img/how-tos/nebari-destroy-help.png" alt="CLI output after executing command nebari destroy --help" longdesc="The command nebari destroy --help displays its usage and arguments. The --config argument is a required path to the Nebari configuration yaml file. Optional arguments are output, disable-render, and help."/>
```
